Convert sipnet_inputs_outputs.doc to md (#15)
PecanProject/sipnet: docs/sipnet_inputs_outputs.md

| 53 | leafCSpWt |   | g C * m^-2 leaf area |   |
| 54 | cFracLeaf |   | g leaf C * g^-1 leaf |   |
| 55 | woodTurnoverRate | average turnover rate of woody plant C | fraction per day | read in as per-year rate; leaf loss handled separately |

### Quality model parameters

|  | Parameter Name  | Definition  | Units  | notes |
| :---- | :---- | :---- | :---- | :---- |
| 56 | qualityLeaf | value for leaf litter quality |   |   |
| 57 | qualityWood | value for wood litter quality |   |   |
| 58 | efficiency | conversion efficiency of ingested carbon |   |   |
| 59 | maxIngestionRate | maximum ingestion rate of the microbe | hr-1 |   |
| 60 | halfSatIngestion | half saturation ingestion rate of microbe | mg C g-1 soil |   |
| 61 | totNitrogen | Percentage nitrogen in soil |   |   |
| 62 | microbeNC | microbe N:C ratio | mg N / mg C |   |
| 63 | microbeInit |   | mg C / g soil microbe | initial carbon amount |
| 64 | fineRootFrac | fraction of wood carbon allocated to fine roots |   |   |
| 65 | coarseRootFrac | fraction of wood carbon that is coarse roots |   |   |
| 66 | fineRootAllocation | fraction of NPP allocated to fine roots |   |   |

> | 67 | woodAllocation | fraction of NPP allocated to the roots |   |   |

Author: ```suggestion
| 67 | woodAllocation | fraction of NPP allocated to wood |   |   |
```
